High in this video again we are going to take a closer look at the model.
So how artificial now all networks are built.
So we have been talking about one of the previous lectures that biological now a network can be modeled
with the help of a directed graph.
So we have the nodes basically the so-called Now drones or percept drones.
And we have the edge weights basically the axons in the biological and our own network.
OK so we have the input with sound values actual Well you X-2 you x Well you are to X on and all of
these now owns have some connection basically some edge and we can assign an edge weight to every single
edge.
So this first input has the first educate the second the impled has that second educate and so on.
And basically this does sound function and activation function is and now on order.
Percepts are on again.
Because as we have seen for the biological and nervous system these notions are connected.
So we have some input.
Now roans and this is not on our own.
And of course more than one nail Rogne can be connected to a given.
Now we're on.
And this is what's happening here.
So we have an now Rohin that's going to connect to a single and our own.
And what's very important that for a given now on this is now Ron where are they in the yellow circle.
We are going to have the incoming actuates and we didn't know Ron.
We have to some of these actuates.
And then finally the activation function gives the output whether they're given now Iran has fired or
not.
So OK what are the actuates are for.
They can amplify or amplify the input cyano.
Let's suppose the fact that if the actuates well-you is smaller than a wall and of course it's going
to amplify this input value if it's greater than one then it's going to amplify the input value.
So it's very very important to see that what are the airwaves good for.
They can amplify or amplify the input side nodes.
OK then what about some function the sound function.
Are we going to move to people-I each input we give an edge weight and we have to audit these values
together.
So the sum function is going to do something like this.
It's going to be a sum.
And we have to sum up the X Sabai times w Sabai.
So basically we have these X Swan and W on it we have to multiply them together plus X to multiply with
W2 and so on.
So we have to sum up the input values multiply by the actuates and then we have the activation function
that's going to convert the output.
So the well of the SUM function.
Usually there are several activation functions.
The step function the sigmoid function the hyperbolic function for percept Thrones we usually use the
stack function and the step function will output one.
If the input is higher than a certain threshold and 0 otherwise.
So what's very important to know that OK we can model biological.
Now run networks we hop off a directed graph.
But what's important that we have the now roans or the percept Gironde we they gave us well you these
are the imports x want X to X Street up to X on of course every single edge has a so-called away parameter.
And whenever we have a given now we're on that's connected to several other.
Now roans and we want to calculate the output.
First we have to use the sum function that's going to sum up the incoming seiners and then deactivation
function is going to take this some that has been calculated by the sum function and is going to decide
whether that a given.
Now Iran has fired or not.
So whether the output is a 1 or a zero.
If we are dealing with a step function and what's the main difference between percept drawn and normal
our own or we usually call it sigmoid.
Now we're on that for percept throne.
It is now on in the now a network of course we have to sum up the weighted inputs for percept and we
use the step function with a given threshold.
So that's why because we use the step function the output can be one zero.
And that's why it's not going to work fine for no reason network training because the output can be
zero or one for any given Nolan or perception.
And why is it bad because a small change in the weights or bias of any single perception in the network
and sometimes goes the output of that percept thrown to completely flip from zero to 1 for example or
from one to zero.
And that flip may then code the behavior of the rest of the network to completely change in some very
complicated way and sometimes it is not good when we want to make optical correct recognition.
We want to make small changes if we have a small change in the input we want to have a small change
in the output here it's going to flip 1 than 0 1 0 0 0 1 and so on.
It's going to work fine by the sigmoid.
Now we're on is very similar to percept trons but small changes in the weights cause small changes in
the output.
So there's going to be no flips and the inputs and outputs can take anywhere between 0 and 1.
We are going to talk about activation and functions and we will come to the conclusion that for percept
Tron we have the step function for sigmoid.
Now we're on.
That's going to work fine for our all networks.
We will have the so-called sigmoid function and we come to the conclusion that sigmoid function is very
very good because the output and the input can be anywhere between 0 and 1.
And this is how we will be able to construct a learning algorithm that can detect for example faces
that can recognize optical characters that can classify For example data sets and so on.
Thanks for watching.